
# Scripts for geometrical measurements/filters of kagome planes

## For topological filtering, 
split_cif.py
Author: Judith Clymo
split_cif.py was used to separate the cif into elemental sublattice structures containing only one element. 

Extract information about individual elements from cifs
Description of the SplitCif script
The script looks for a specific section in the cif – a line that starts with "_atom_site_occupancy" and considers the section from here until the first line starting with _ or loop or End. These were the key words ending the section with the atom positions. Everything before and after this section is included in all the split out cifs. Within the key section it's separated by element - the element is identified from the start of each line. We generate as many cifs as different elements that are identified, and include the lines which started with that element symbol.
Instructions:
1.	Specify the path to a folder with cif-files.
2.	Run and done!



## For geometrical filtering: 
Author: Dongsheng Wen
1. To do the geometrical filtering/analysis, prepare the cifs and .gph files (gphs are from Topospro), which are listed in bulk_1_all.csv. In this bulk_1_all.csv, each cif entry has a list of gphs identified by topospro. All the necessary scripts to do the following tasks are provided in the python script kagome_tools.py. 
2. The geometrical measurements of bonds and angles on the  empty kagome is documented in filter_kagome_bulk_1_G_1.ipynb. A simple filter is applied to the planes where coordination number is neither 4 or 6. 4 is for potential empty kagome planes and 6 is for potential filled kagome planes. Angles and bond lengths are measured for distortion filters.   
3. The geometrical measurements of bonds and angles on the filled kagome is documented in filter_kagome_bulk_1_G_2.ipynb. 
4. The geometrical distortion filter of empty kagome is documented in distortion_filter_kagome_bulk_1_group_1_multi_gph.ipynb. 
5. The geometrical distortion filter of filled kagome is documented in distortion_filter_kagome_bulk_1_group_2_multi_gph.ipynb. 
6. organize_database.ipynb is used to combine the filled and empty datasets generated by the previous steps. 

